`DatePicker` input visual styling (#1608)
iTwin/stratakit: apps/website/src/content/docs/components/mui/DatePicker.md

---

::example{src="mui/DatePicker.default"}

## Examples

### Sizes

> Use `slotProps={{ textField: { size: "small" } }}` to configure the size of the entry point.

Reviewer: Linking to MUI docs + slightly more clear wording, I think.

```suggestion
Use [`slotProps.textField`](https://mui.com/x/api/date-pickers/date-picker/#date-picker-prop-slotProps) to set the [`size`](https://mui.com/x/api/date-pickers/pickers-text-field/#pickers-text-field-prop-size) of the DatePicker input.
```

Author: Works for me!
